#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass book
\begin_preamble
\usepackage{hyperref}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing double
\use_hyperref false
\papersize a4paper
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 0
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 0
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1.5in
\topmargin 1.6in
\rightmargin 1.2in
\bottommargin 1.6in
\headheight 1.5in
\headsep 0.3in
\footskip 0.8in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle plain
\bullet 1 2 6 -1
\bullet 2 2 12 -1
\bullet 3 1 25 -1
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Conclusions and Future Work
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "chap:Conclusions"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Conclusions
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This master thesis has described a system capable of performing pedestrian
 detection and semantic segmentation over a multi camera setup at the Escuela
 Politécnica Superior, Universidad Autonoma de Madrid (Spain).
 Different pedestrian detection approaches such as HOG, DPM, ACF or Fast-RCNN
 and a semantic segmentation algorithm, PSP-Net, have been selected among
 others from a complete study of the state of the art.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A complete system to perform pedestrian fusion and filtering has been proposed.
 Information from three cameras is combined into a common cenital plane
 by the use of homographies.
 This process allows PD to be shared and reprojected from one camera to
 another.
 In addition, common multi camera semantic information has been used to
 constraint PD detections.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Statistical data usage from different semantic areas has been extracted.
 Also, pedestrian paths in terms of density have been computed based on
 the scene division in a regular grid.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In order to control and tune algorithms a multi thread application has been
 developed under QT Developing environment.
 It has a Graphical User Interface that sets the base for a user-friendly
 interaction between the user and the software.
 This application also allows the user to represent and visualize all the
 extracted results.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
All the system has been tested in a manually annotated recording obtaining
 performance results for homography calculation, PD approaches under different
 environments and semantic areas statistical usage data.
 During these tests semantic constraining has improved DPM approach, however
 HOG or PSP-Net algorithms constraint with semantic maps have obtained worse
 results than the raw detector.
 Similarly, multi-camera fusion has not been able to increase performance
 for any of the algorithms.
 Problems related to pedestrian reprojection between cameras combined with
 PD errors lead to an increase in the number of false positive and so, in
 performance decrease.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Statistical data usage has been almost perfectly extracted, having exact
 frames in which semantic areas are used.
 In addition, semantic density paths have been obtained with high precision
 in spatial and temporally terms.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Future Work
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Considering current state of the art, obtained results and extracted conclusions
 one can set the stage for future work.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In terms of application and software development some improvements are proposed
 to be done.
 Nowadays, heavy computational work is achieved almost in real time by the
 use of graphical cards.
 GPU computation may be implemented in the scope of this work.
 Many of the used methods are also implemented with GPU computation functionalit
ies and the inclusion of this kind of speed-up may result in a improvement
 in the system efficiency.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Furthermore, the view selection scheme described in Section 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "subsec:View-Selection"

\end_inset

 has a substantial impact on the method's performance.
 However, when high illumination changes occur this process fails.
 We propose to fix this problem by the use of camera spatial positions.
 With this information exact same position for each of the views can be
 obtained periodically and so, they can be updated during the video sequence
 in order to adapt to illumination changes.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
One of the main problems discussed in the results section is that when pedestria
ns are reprojected the blob height is lost.
 Due to this, there are some frames that have small detections compared
 to the person size.
 To correctly reproject the blob we propose as future work to use real distances
 between camera and pedestrian detection to finally obtain an approximation
 to the real height for the blob.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Regarding results, other data-sets scenarios may be evaluated and ACF and
 Fast-RCNN detectors may need to be included in the tests.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Finally, we propose to use the Gaussian representation of bounding boxes
 to perform pedestrian fusion over the cenital plane instead of performing
 it on the camera frames.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
