#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass book
\begin_preamble


\AtBeginDocument{
  \def\labelitemii{\ding{71}}
  \def\labelitemiii{\ding{111}}
  \def\labelitemiv{\(\vartriangleright\)}
}



\usepackage{babel}
\addto\shorthandsspanish{\spanishdeactivate{~<>}}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding iso8859-15
\fontencoding T1
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing double
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_bookmarks false
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered false
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks false
\pdf_pdfborder false
\pdf_colorlinks false
\pdf_backref section
\pdf_pdfusetitle false
\papersize a4paper
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 2
\use_package amssymb 2
\use_package cancel 0
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 0
\use_package mathtools 0
\use_package mhchem 0
\use_package stackrel 0
\use_package stmaryrd 0
\use_package undertilde 0
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1.5in
\topmargin 1.6in
\rightmargin 1.2in
\bottommargin 1.6in
\headheight 1.5in
\headsep 0.3in
\footskip 0.8in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle plain
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
State of the Art
\noun on

\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "cha:State Of the Art"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As explained during Chapter 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "cha:Introduction"

\end_inset

 the process of analysis of a common crowed space will join many algorithms
 from different Computer Vision disciplines.
 Throughout this Chapter we will summarize the actual and most used algorithms
 in the different categories that we will use during the development of
 the project.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Pedestrian Detection.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Contextual Information.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Required Analysis.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Multi camera scenarios.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Semantic segmentation.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Spatiotemporal constraining.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
