{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{lower-alpha\})}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'02\'01);}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
{\info
{\title TFM_Propuesta_Proyecto_Plantilla.docx}
{\author Doroteo Torre Toledano}}\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1701\margr1418\margb1134\margt1418\vieww38400\viewh22580\viewkind1\viewscale110
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Master thesis proposal
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 Oficial Master EPS: i2-ICT\
\pard\pardeftab720\li630\fi-630\ri-1\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Title:		Online contextual updating in multi-camera scenarios\
Student:	L\'d3PEZ CIFUENTES, Alejandro\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Director:	Marcos Escudero Vi\'f1olo	\
Supervisor:	Jes\'fas Besc\'f3s Cano\
									Course: 2016-17\
\pard\pardeftab720\li2160\fi720\ri-1\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 					Date:	27/03/2017
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li285\fi-284\ri-1\sb240\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 1.	Introduction
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Nowadays, we live completely surrounded of electronic devices whose objective is to ensure the safety and security of the global population. From biometric systems [1] to all kind of different electrical sensors, not forgetting the wide range of, for example, video surveillance cameras. Those last are the ones that could be of real interest when working along with Image Processing and Computer Vision algorithms in the video surveillance scope \cf3 \outl0\strokewidth0 [2]\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 . \
\
The combination of these two systems could lead to the automation of high-level tasks such as people detection [\cf3 \outl0\strokewidth0 [3]\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 , object detection and classification \cf3 \outl0\strokewidth0 [4, 5, 6]\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  contextual information extraction \cf3 \outl0\strokewidth0 [7]\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  ... etc. The automation of all these processes permits people working with them to focus on the latests stages of video surveillance systems which should be the most critical ones, such as alarm raise when some event has occurred, letting the heavy and tedious computational part to computers.\
\
One of the automation task that could appear when dealing with Computer Vision and multi video surveillance cameras is the analysis of public spaces which are often populated with crowds and the combination of the data coming from all of the camera instances. It could be from real interest to analyze people patrons \cf3 \outl0\strokewidth0 [8,9 ,10] \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 and temporal area/space usage data in large spaces such as public shopping centers, universities, common building areas... either to extract statistical measures or anomalous events \cf3 \outl0\strokewidth0 [11]\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 . This analysis will come from a combination of algorithms of distinct scopes such as semantic area classification, people detection or crowd patron analysis. 
\f1 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\ri-1\sb240\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 2.	Goals and Planning\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sl280\qj\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This master thesis will embrace two different blocks of objectives that will complement each other. The first one will have to do with the performance of an user interface application while the second block will deal with algorithm and investigation related objectives.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa64\qj\partightenfactor0

\b\fs26 \cf3 User Interface
\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\qj\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs24 \cf3 The main user interface should be able to visualise temporal statistical usage data, in a user-friendly environment, either pre-generate or generated in a real time constraint from different areas of a common space.\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sl280\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa64\qj\partightenfactor0

\b\fs26 \cf3 Algorithm
\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\qj\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs24 \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The algorithm related objectives will be:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Integrate an algorithm to perform contextual elements analysis in video sequences. The objective is detect and classify labels and its position over the important frame elements such as doors, desks, corridors, floor...\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl280\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	a)	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Identify the current state of all these elements in each of the processed cameras. The state should distinguish between visible or occluded.\
\ls2\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	b)	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Identify usage rate of some important elements of the scene measured by people per second.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Integrate people detection over the cameras frames to :\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl280\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	a)	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Create a fusion taking advantage of a multi-camera scenario so that the information is transformed to common planes and the detector performance is increased.\
\ls2\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	b)	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Analyze people and crowd patrons to, combined with contextual information, create statistical measures about important areas of influence where particular activities often occur.
\f1 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li285\fi-284\ri-1\sb240\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 3.	Methodology and work schedule
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 The work methodology for the consecution of the objectives requires:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri-1\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Study of a general perspective of the available methods in the different scopes that will be analysed: People detection, semantic clasificaci\'f3n\'85: 80 hours.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Research and integration/development of those State Of the Art methods that will be included in the project: 350 hours.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Development of the needed user interface to fulfil its objetive with the needed improvements: 150 hours.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Evaluation of the integrated or developed method with both qualitative and cuantitativa methods: 170 hours.\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\ri-1\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The total number of hours is about 37,5 per week during 20 weeks which leads to approximately 750 of work.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li285\fi-284\ri-1\sb240\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 4.	Initial bibliography
\f1 \
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
[1] \'a0A. K. Jain, L. Hong, and Y. Kulkarni, \'93A multimodal biometric system using fingerprint, face and speech,\'94 in 2nd Int\'92l Conf. AVBPA, vol. 10, 1999. \
[2] \'a0X. Wang, \'93Intelligent multi-camera video surveillance: A review,\'94 Pattern recog- nition letters, vol. 34, no. 1, pp. 3\'9619, 2013. \
[3] \'a0P. Dollar, C. Wojek, B. Schiele, and P. Perona, \'93Pedestrian detection: An evalu- ation of the state of the art,\'94 IEEE transactions on pattern analysis and machine intelligence, vol. 34, no. 4, pp. 743\'96761, 2012. \
[4] \'a0P. F. Felzenszwalb, R. B. Girshick, D. McAllester, and D. Ramanan, \'93Object detection with discriminatively trained part-based models,\'94 IEEE transactions on pattern analysis and machine intelligence, vol. 32, no. 9, pp. 1627\'961645, 2010. \
[5] \'a0S. Ren, K. He, R. Girshick, and J. Sun, \'93Faster r-cnn: Towards real-time object detection with region proposal networks,\'94 in Advances in neural information processing systems, pp. 91\'9699, 2015. \
[6] \'a0J. Hosang, R. Benenson, P. Doll\'e1r, and B. Schiele, \'93What makes for effective detection proposals?,\'94 IEEE transactions on pattern analysis and machine intel- ligence, vol. 38, no. 4, pp. 814\'96830, 2016. \
[7] \'a0H. Zhao, J. Shi, X. Qi, X. Wang, and J. Jia, \'93Pyramid scene parsing network,\'94 arXiv preprint arXiv:1612.01105, 2016. \
[8] \'a0R. Mazzon and A. Cavallaro, \'93Multi-camera tracking using a multi-goal social force model,\'94 Neurocomputing, vol. 100, pp. 41\'9650, 2013. \
[9] \'a0A. Turner and A. Penn, \'93Encoding natural movement as an agent-based system: an investigation into human pedestrian behaviour in the built environment,\'94 Environment and planning B: Planning and Design, vol. 29, no. 4, pp. 473\'96490, 2002. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf3 [10]  \cf3 P. Scovanner and M. F. Tappen, \'93Learning pedestrian dynamics from the real world,\'94 in Computer Vision, 2009 IEEE 12th International Conference on, pp. 381\'96388, IEEE, 2009. \cf3 \
[11]  F. Jiang, J. Yuan, S. A. Tsaftaris, and A. K. Katsaggelos, \'93Anomalous video event detection using spatiotemporal context,\'94 Computer Vision and Image Un- derstanding, vol. 115, no. 3, pp. 323\'96333, 2011. 
\b\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\ri-1\sb240\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 5.	Proposal of the evaluating committee
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1\qj\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 The director\
\
Marcos Escudero Vi\'f1olo\
\
Supervisor\
\
Jes\'fas Bescos Cano}